annot: cut the prosciutto into small pieces
ACTID: 0
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the prosciutto (-1)
[PP, other, into] small pieces (-1)
annot: Crack 2 egg
ACTID: 1
PRED: crack
[DOBJ, food] 2 egg (-1)
annot: take the yolk to a bowl
ACTID: 2
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] the yolk (1)
[PP, location, to] a bowl (-1)
annot: Add shredded parmesan cheese, pepper and heavy cream
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] shredded parmesan cheese (-1), pepper (-1), heavy cream (-1)
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: whisk them
ACTID: 4
PRED: whisk
[DOBJ, food] them (3)
annot: Keep some water boiling aside
ACTID: 5
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, location] some water (-1)
annot: heat some olive oil in a pan
ACTID: 6
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] some olive oil (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: cook the prosciutto in it
ACTID: 7
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the prosciutto (0)
[PP, food, in] it (6)
annot: Turn off the heat when the prosciutto is crispy
ACTID: 8
PRED: turn
[DOBJ, other] the heat (-1)
[PP, food, ] (7)
annot: add the pasta to the boiling water
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the pasta (-1)
[PP, location, to] the boiling water (5)
annot: Add several cloves of garlic to the prosciutto
ACTID: 10
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] several cloves of garlic (-1)
[PP, food, to] the prosciutto (8)
annot: Drain the pasta
ACTID: 11
PRED: drain
[DOBJ, food] the pasta (9)
annot: add to the prosciutto
ACTID: 12
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food]  (11)
[PP, food, to] the prosciutto (10)
annot: add a little water
ACTID: 13
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] a little water (-1)
[PP, food, ] (12)
annot: Take everything in the pan out in a bowl
ACTID: 14
PRED: take
[DOBJ, food] everything in the pan (13)
[PP, location, in] a bowl (-1)
annot: pour in the sauce
ACTID: 15
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] the sauce (4)
[PP, food, in] (14)
annot: Toss the mixture
ACTID: 16
PRED: toss
[DOBJ, food] the mixture (15)
annot: add parmesan and black pepper to taste
ACTID: 17
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] parmesan (-1), black pepper (-1)
[PP, other, to] taste (-1)
[PP, food, ] (16)